PHP SDK initialization snippet update (#1064)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-php-sdk.mdx

  "data_plane_url" => DATA_PLANE_URL,
  "consumer"       => "lib_curl", // fork_curl
  "debug"          => true,

>   "max_queue_size" => 10000, // Temporary queue to store the in-memory events, defaults to 1000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "max_queue_size" => 10000, // Temporary queue to store the events, defaults to 1000
```

>   "max_queue_size" => 10000, // Maximum number of events to be stored by the in-memory queue, defaults to 1000

Author: ```suggestion
  "max_queue_size" => 10000, // Maximum number of events store in the in-memory queue, defaults to 1000
```
